# Project Proposal
## Basic Game Flow:
#### I want to create a basic jumping game where a player can deflect off a wall from one platform to another. This will be accomplished using a combination of key and mouse presses on the consumer's part. The movement will be accomplished by the player directing a bullet which will deflect off a wall to determine where teh player will go next. At first the players will level up very quickly, but it'll be harder to do so after. In addition, the level of the player will loosely correspond to the number of times they can "deflect" while in the air. If the player, misses a platform, they're level will decrease proportionately to how easy it was to get to that level. There will also be a screen displaying the player's high scores if they miss the next platform. To keep the player engaged, I will use psychology's operant conditioning, where they will sometimes get a "boost" to keep playing the game. When the game is in session, the player will hear an edm song to keep going, and when the player falls out, they wil get rickrolled.

## Libraries:
#### Firstly, I will use the [OpenGL](http://glew.sourceforge.net/) library to have a smooth flowing game with good graphics. After that, I will use the [ofxBox2d](ofxBox2d ) library in order to properly align the game physics with alien-planet physics. Finally, I will use the [MongoDB C++](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver) driver to store data in the cloud and display real-time and real world high scores on the game.

## Relevant Experience:
#### I have a decent background in harmonic motion, and more than that, I have worked with [animations](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B40pTTBd-6I8ZUtoS1QzN2p1NVk) before for a previous c++ class where I did facilitated the animation of the scene from a still image.
