README.md, before:

# CS 126 FinalProject

## Platform:
creates a random level for the player to  jump onto

## Person:  
creates an array of object (circle - head, line - arms, line - torso, line - legs) to define a person by parts

## OfMainApp
Draw person, coordinate smoothe game play

# Objective of Game:
To play this game successfully, you must must click within the borders of the window (you will know when you are in the border when the mouse over that location produces draws a circle).
Then your objective is to jump to as many levels as possible. 
After 7 platforms, the platforms will start to move around
After 10 platforms, the platforms will get smaller
After 13 platforms, the speed of the game will increase

# How to play the game:
You can exit at any time by pressing 'Q'.

## In Menu:
You can use the up and down keys to select the option you want

## During Game Play:
You can use your mouse to indicate the direction of the next path from the current position.  
In addition, you can pause the game which would pause the music.  
Finally, you can restart the game by just pressing 'R'. If your current high score is high enough, it will be added to the list.  

## During Game Over
You will see a list of high scores, and an option to restart the game or to return to menu using R and M keys respectively.

## During Pause
You will see the state of the game and then you will be able to will be able to return to the game

Commit message:

updated files, fixed bugs in the program where the ball was moving too fast, cleaned up the code with comments, and added obstacles

README.md, after:

# CS 126 FinalProject

##Installation
You must have files in the correct locations (like the downloads folder), some of the files did not have a relative path so I needed a static path.

## Platform:
creates a random level for the player to  jump onto

## Person:  
creates an array of object (circle - head, line - arms, line - torso, line - legs) to define a person by parts

## OfMainApp
Draw person, coordinate smoothe game play

# Objective of Game:
To play this game successfully, you must must click within the borders of the window (you will know when you are in the border when the mouse over that location produces draws a circle).
Then your objective is to jump to as many levels as possible. 
After 7 platforms, the platforms will start to move around
After 10 platforms, the platforms will get smaller
After 13 platforms, the speed of the game will increase

# How to play the game:
You can exit at any time by pressing 'Q'.

## In Menu:
You can use the up and down keys to select the option you want

## During Game Play:
You can use your mouse to indicate the direction of the next path from the current position.  
In addition, you can pause the game which would pause the music.  
Finally, you can restart the game by just pressing 'R'. If your current high score is high enough, it will be added to the list.  

## During Game Over
You will see a list of high scores, and an option to restart the game or to return to menu using R and M keys respectively.

## During Pause
You will see the state of the game and then you will be able to will be able to return to the game
